Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln which has 50000 members and participated in the 2014 season.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln who were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season and have 50000 members.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for the Austria national football team and is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt. He is currently at the FK Austria Wien club.
AC Cesena ground is in Cesena and they play in the Serie B league whose champions are Carpi FC 1909.
23900 member club A.C. Cesena plays in Italy in Serie B.
A.C. Cesena's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi. They have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league.
AC Cesena play in the Serie B league which has been won by Carpi F.C. 1909 in the past. Their ground is located in Italy.
A.C.Cesena plays in Stadio Dino Manuzzi and is also the in the Serie B league, and the Carpi F.C. 1909 won the championship Serie B division.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia although he plays for Calcio Catania.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members and the full name of "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l."
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l., or shortly A.C. Chievo Verona, is at the ground Verona and has 39371 members.
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and they have 39371 members while their home ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who is a member of the Calcio Catania and plays at the Carrarese Calcio.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who has previously worked at FC Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D at the Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, who is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club and plays for Carrarese Calcio.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio club.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán, El Salvador. It has 10000 members.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan, their ground is in Metapán and they have 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's full name is "Asociación Deportiva". They have 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan, El Salvador.
A.D. (Asociacion Deportiva) Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members.
The Asociacion Deportiva is now known as A.D. Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members and plays in Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece. The capital of the country is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and the capital city is Athens.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek. The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is led by Nikos Voutsis and uses the Greek language.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. The country is the location of AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli. It has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members. Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 member. They were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH Greece season.
A.F.C. Blackpool full name is "Association Football Club Blackpool," they have 1500 members and their grounds are at Jepson Way.
A.F.C. Blackpool full name is "Association Football Club Blackpool". They have 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker, who used to play for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager. He is attached to Chesterfield football club and was at Drogheda United FC.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield football club as well as a player for Stockport County F.C. and also managers the A.F.C. Blackpool organization.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and a member of the Chesterfield F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who was at Drogheda United FC but is currently part of the KV Mechelen club.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who has represented the club KV Mechelen and also played for Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who once played for Stockport County FC and currently plays for KV Mechelen.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. It was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season and has 5300 members.
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl", they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva, their ground is in Livorno Italy and they have 19,238 members.
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the full name of A.S.Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and grounds in Livorno.
Associazione Sportiva Calcio, better known as A.S Livorno Calcio, is a 19238 member club whose ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and the full name of Livorno Calcio S.p.A. Their ground is known as Stadio Armando Picchi.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci was a former player for the Italy national football team, now plays for A.S. Roma as well as manages A.S, Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan and previously for football for Genoa C.F.C.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C. and the Italy national football team.
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan as well as managing A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina but played for Maccabi Tel Aviv FC. His club is Juventus.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina. He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and is also a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
ACF Fiorentina (full name: ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.) competed in the 2014 season and their ground holds 47290 fans.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A., they have 47290 members and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax. They have 53502 members and were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax (abbreviated to AFC Ajax) has 53502 members and played in season 2014.
The full name of AZAL PFK is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu, they have 3500 members and were in the 2014 season.
AZAL PFK stands for "AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu" and they have 3500 members. AZAL PFK Bakou is playing in the Azerbaijan Premier League, 2014–15.
The AZAL PFK, with 3500 members, competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League, with championship team being Qarabag FK.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in the 2014-15 season. Their full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar as well as a player for ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom was manager of AZ Alkmaar and now plays for AFC and Jong Ajax.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and R.S.C. Anderlecht. He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar, he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R.S.C. Anderlecht and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team. He now plays for RSC Anderlecht and is manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş but also manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and in the Jong Ajax club. He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron, Ohio and play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC were previous champions.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, US.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, which is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Dan Horrigan is the governor of Akron, Ohio which has St. Vincent-St. Mary High School located in it, and inside the high school is the Akron Summit Assault organization.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is located at St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, United States.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio, United States.
St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault is located at the St. Vincent-St. Mary High school in Ohio, US.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault who are in season 2011 and have 3000 members.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
In Italy they speak Italian and is the home to the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 as well as the capital city of Rome.
In Italy the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located there.
Italy is where Italian people live, Rome is the capital and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 can be found there.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where they speak Italian. The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader of the Italians.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the spoken language.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena whose club is the S.S. Chieti Calcio. and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licata 1931 but he currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago's club was Calcio Catania and he played for US Castrovillari Calcio. He is now the manager of A.C. Cesena.
A.C. Cesena's manager Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and is a former player of Vigor Lamezia and S.S.D. Potenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1 FC Koln. He also plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling.
Peter Stöger, manager of FC Koln plays for both SK Rapid Wien and SC Wiener Neustadt.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr and is attached to the club First Vienna FC.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger, he has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F.C.
AC Chievo Verona's home ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions.
With grounds in Verona, AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league, of which Juventus FC have been champions.
A.C. Cesena, in the Serie B League, has 23900 members and is located is Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and his own club was Calcio Catania. He is currently managing AC Cesena.
A.D. Isidro Metapán are based at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez ground. Its full name is Isidro Metapan and it has 10000 members.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where there are leaders called Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is with Drogheda United F.C and plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who was at Drogheda United FC and once played for Stockport County FC.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Irlam Town F.C. as well as the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and has also represented the KV Mechelen club.
Christian Panucci, who has been attached to the Genoa CFC and Real Madrid CF clubs, manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena, and are in the Azerbaijan Premier League, whose championships name is the Qarabag FK.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League, of which K-W United FC have been champions.
K-W United FC were champions of the Premier Development League where Akron Summit Assault (which has 3000 members) also play.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and where the Italian people live.
