Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark; where the language is Danish.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese.
Tirstrup is located in Denmark, where people speak German. Aarhus Airport serves Tirstrup.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark and Greenlandic is the official language in Denmark.
Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is the location of Aarhus AIrport, Tirstrup.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, in Denmark, where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, which is in the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup, Denmark which is part of the Central Denmark Region.
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, Aarhus Airport, has a runway length of 2702.0 metres and a runway named 10L/28R.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport where the runway 10L/28R with a length of 2776.0.
Aarhus Airport, which is operated by the Aktieselskab organisation, has a runway that's 2,776 long and is named 10L/28R.
Operated by the Aktieselskab organisation, Aarhus Airport, has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10R/28L.
Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 metres and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The name of the runway is 10L/28R.
Aarhus airport, with a runway name of 10R/28L, and a length of 2777.0. is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Operated by the Aktieselskab organisation, Aarhus airport has a runway that is 2777.0 metres long. It also has a runway with the name 10L/28R.
The 10R/28L runway which is 2777.0 meters long is located in Aarhus Airport which is operated by the Aktieselskab organisation.
At an elevation of 610 metres above seal level, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, in Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain, and has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
With an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport (in Alcobendas), has a runway named 14L/32R and a runway that is 3500 metres long.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and has the runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.
Located in Alcobendas, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway named 18R/36L.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 4100.0.
Located in Paracuellos de Jarama, the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has the runway name 18L/36R and a runway length of 4349 metres.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and is in Paracuellos de Jarama, in Spain.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid is 3500m and named 14L/32R.
The 14L/32R runway in Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, has a length of 4349.0.
Located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport has a runway length of 4100 metres and a runway name 18L/36R.
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport at San Sebastian de los Reyes is 18L/36R and it is 4349 metres long.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq, where they speak Arabic.
The Al Taqaddum air base which serves the city of Fallujah is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base, located 84 metres above sea level, serves the city of Fallujah and has a runway length of 4,019.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway that is 3090 metres long.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with a runway length of 3,990 is operated by the United States Air Force.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq, and has a runway length of 3990.0 metres.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq, is run by the United States Air Force and has a runway of 3992.88m.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. An aircraft there is the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which uses General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (an aircraft fighter) and was part of Operation Enduring Freedom.
The USAF operate the Al Asad airbase, and previously were involved in the Invasion of Panama. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter.
The Al-Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who have previously fought in the Korean War. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the United States invasion of Panama, and who use an aircraft fighter called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon.
The United States Air Force operates the Al Asad airbase and previously fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama.
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War, and now it operates the Al Asad airbase. One of its fighter aircraft is named the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and were used in the invasion of Panama. Al Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air Force.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas, which is part of the community of Madrid, in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid. The leader party at Alcobendas is the People's Party (Spain).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas (Spain) where the leader party is the Peoples Party.
Located in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900 metres and a runway name, 18L/36R.
The 18L/36R runway in Allama Iqbal International airport in Pakistan, has a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3360.12. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway named 18R/36L. The runway length is 2900.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority runs Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
The 18L/36R runway of the Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a length of 33310.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 above sea level.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 3,300. The airport is 3.3528 below sea level.
Amsterdam airport, Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at -3.3528 above sea level with a runway length of 3400.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam, it has a runway length of 3453.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam is served by the Schiphol airport which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway length is 3800.
Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway length of 8.0.
The runway length of Andrews County airport (located in Texas and 973 meters above sea level), is 929.0.
Texas is located in the United States, and its state capital is Austin. The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital and a Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas.
With its capital of Austin, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where there are Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas (whose indigenes are called Texans), United States.
The main airport in Texas, USA, is Andrews County. English is the primary language here.
Andrews County airport is located in Texas (which speaks English) but uses Tejano as their demonym.
Spanish is the language spoken in Austin, Texas (in which the Andrews County Airport is located).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, in the United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium, where the capital is Brussels.
The Dutch language is spoken in Antwerp, Belgium in which Antwerp International Airport is located.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where French is spoken.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium which has French as the official language.
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in, German speaking Belgium.
The Antwerp International Airport, Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp. It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government.
Antwerp International Airport which has a runway length of 600.0 is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government.
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport, which is 12m a.s.l. and is run by the Flemish Region.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton Wisconsin which is a part of Kimberly and Grand Chute.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Grand and Little Chute, Wisconsin; it is served by Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International airport, which is located in Greenville, Wisconsin is located at 280 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982.
Appleton International Airport located in Greenville, Wisconsin, has an elevation of 280 meters above sea level as well as a runway length of 2,439.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Ellington, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Dale, Wisconsin which is in the United States. It is served by the Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin, in the United States.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, which is part of Menasha, Wisconsin, USA.
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982.0. It is operated by an organisation in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. It is operated from Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900.0 metres.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level, and has a runway that is 2989.0 metres long.
Turkmenistan Airlines is operated by Ashgabat International Airport, whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines (Turkmenabat airport is their hub), the headquarters of which are located Turkmenistan.
Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines which operates Ashgabat International Airport and has its headquarters located in Turkmenistan.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is located in Ashgabat and hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport.
Located in Ashbat, Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, the hub of which is at Turkmenbashi International Airport.
At 23 metres above sea level. Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and is based in New York.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New York and is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, the USA. Its runway length is 1873.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport., This airport has a runway length of 1873.0 metres and a runway named 13/31.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22 and the length is 1873.0.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International Airport. This airport has a runway length of 3048 metres and a runway named "13/31".
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Charles Michel is a leader.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township (a township in Atlantic County), New Jersey, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, in the country of Iraq where the Kurdish language is spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located in Fallujah, a city in Fuad Masum led Iraq.
The Al-Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore which is in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan, where the city of Lahore, served by Allama Iqbal International Airport, is located.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan which is where the City of Lahore is. this city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is in Madrid, Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is led by the People's Party and is part of the community of Madrid.
MotorSport Vision is located in the city of Fawkham.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport. This airport is situated 610 meters above sea level in Alcobendas.
ENAIRE, based in Madrid, Spain, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport which is in Alcobendas. The runway length at the airport is 3500.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level. This airport is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway named 14L/32R, which has a length of 3500.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
The Bedford Aerodrome has a runway named "08/26".
Bedford Aerodrome has served the Bedford Autodrome.
Peter Ogden was the founder of MotorSport Vision which operates the Bedford Aerodrome.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE in which is in Madrid. The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4,349 and is named 14R/32L, Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport also has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 4,349.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas , Madrid, Spain operated by ENAIRE has a runway called 14R/32L with the length of 4,349.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF and it has served the Bedford Autodrome.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas is operated by ENAIRE and is 610m above sea level. It has a runway length of 3,500 and the runway name is 18L/36R.
The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, postal code MK44, and is operated by MotorSport Vision, founded by Peter Ogden. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF.
The runway length of the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh, is 1095 and it is operated by MotorSport Vision. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF and it serves the Bedford Autodrome.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas (operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, Spain), that is located 610.0 metres above sea level, has a 4349.0 metres long runway named 14L/32R.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, 610 metres above sea level. This airport is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3,500.
The ENAIRE-operated Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain, elevation 610.0 meters above sea level. 14R/32L, the runway, has a length of 4349.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF; it has an operating organization that is called the MotorSport Vision and is located in Thurleigh. The aerodrome is 83.2 metres above sea level.
The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh which has an area code of 01234. The aerodrome has a runway named 08/26 and is made of concrete.
Operated by Enaire, the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is based in the Alcobendas area of the Spanish city of Madrid. It is situated 610 metres above sea level.
The Bedford Aerodrome has an operating organization that is called the MotorSport Vision. The aerodrome’s runway length is 1,095, and it is made of concrete. The aerodrome is 83.2 meters above sea level, located in Thurleigh. The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF; the aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome.
MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome. Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh and has a runway length of 1095.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and has a runway named 09R/27L.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 3500.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase uses ORAA as its ICAO location identifier.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. This airport is operated by ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain. The runway is named 14L/32R and has a length of 4,349.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF. The aerodrome is in Thurleigh and is operated by MotorSport Vision.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas (operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, Spain) has a runway named 18R/36L that is 4349 metres long.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway named 09L/27R.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF. The aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, has a runway length of 1095 and is 83.2 metres above sea level.
The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh and has an ICAO location identifier of EGBF.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level.
The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF, and it is 83.2104 meters above sea level and has a runway named 08/26.
Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh. This airport serves the Bedford Autodrome and is operated by MotorSport Vision. The runway is 1095 meters long and is made of concrete. The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, postal code MK44, United Kingdom. The place served by the Bedford Aerodrome is the Bedford Autodrome.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. This airport is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500.
Bedford Aerodrome, which is made of concrete and has an ICAO location identifier of EGBF, is located 83.2 meters above sea level.
The runway length at the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh is 1095 and the aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome.
MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh (postal code: MK44). It was founded by Peter Ogden.
Located in Thurleigh, the Bedford Aerodrome, operated by MotorSport Vision, serves the Bedford Autodrome and has a runway length of 1095.
The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF and the aerodrome has a runway surface made of concrete.
Serving the Bedford Autodrome area, Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, with an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level, a runway length of 1095.0 and is operated by MotorSport Vision.
MotorSport Vision is located in the the city of Kent.
The Bedford Aerodrome runway name is 08/26, it is 1095 long and the surface is made of concrete, it is also 83.2104 meters above sea level. The ICAO location identifier for the aerodrome is EGBF.
The Bedford Aerodrome is 83.2 meters above sea level and has a runway named "08/26" which is made of concrete.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid and is 610 metres above sea level.
MotorSport Vision operates the Bedford Aerodrome located in Thurleigh.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport, which is run by ENAIRE, is 3500 and the airport is 610 metres above sea level.
The Bedford Aerodrome has an operating organization that is called the MotorSport Vision.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes. The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 3500.0.
The Bedford Aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome and is 83.2104 meters above sea level. The ICAO location identifier for the aerodrome is EGBF and its concrete surfaced runway is named 08/26.
The Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, United Kingdom.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level and it is operated by ENAIRE which is based in Madrid.
The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh and it has a runway whose length is 1095.
MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome. The aerodrome, located in Thurleigh, serves the Bedford Autodrome.
Bedford Aerodrome has a runway length of 1095 and has served the Bedford Autodrome. The aerodrome has an operating organization that is called the MotorSport Vision. The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
Bedford Aerodrome has served the Bedford Autodrome, and it is 83.2 meters above sea level.
MotorSport Vision, founded in 2004 by Jonathan Palmer, operates the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh.
Bedford Aerodrome is located in Thurleigh, 83.2 meters above sea level. This airport serves the Bedford Autodrome and is operated by MotorSport Vision. The runway is 1095 meters long. The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport, located in Alcobendas, which is part of the community of Madrid, Spain and operated by ENAIRE, is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 4349 metres long.
Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF and has a runway called 08/26.
MotorSport Vision is based in the city of Longfield, Kent.
The Bedford Aerodrome is 83.2 meters above sea level.
The runway length at the Bedford Aerodrome is 1095.
The MotorSport Vision operated Bedford Aerodrome has a runway length of 1095.0.
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3,992.88 and is run by the United States Air Force.
Bedford Aerodrome has served the Bedford Autodrome and is 83.2 meters above sea level, has a runway named "08/26" with length at the Bedford Aerodrome is 1095.
The Bedford Aerodrome has an operating organization that is called the MotorSport Vision. It is located in Thurleigh. Its runway is named as "08/26" and its length is 1095. The ICAO location identifier is EGBF, and this aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Alcobendas has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4,349. It is operated by ENAIRE, which is in the city of Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain, is operated by ENAIRE which is based in Madrid. The airport's runway length is 3500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500.
The runway surface of the Bedford Aerodrome is made of concrete.
The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh.
MotorSport Vision is based in the city of Longfield, Kent and operates The Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh, which has a runway length of 1095.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, has a runway length of 3500 and is 610.0 metres above sea level.
The ceremonial county of Thurleigh is Bedfordshire.
ENAIRE, located in Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas. The airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and its runway name is 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Madrid, which is operated by ENAIRE, has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF. The aerodrome serves the Bedford Autodrome; it is situated in Thurleigh and has an elevation of 83.2104 above sea level.
The Bedford Aerodrome runway, which is 1095 long, is named 08/26 and its elevation above sea level is 83.2104 meters.
The Bedford Aerodrome is 83.2 meters above sea level with length of 1095.
The place served by the Bedford Aerodrome located in Thurleigh is the Bedford Autodrome.
Bedford Aerodrome with MotorSport Vision as its operator and runway length of 1095.0 has EGBF as International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier.
MotorSport Vision was founded in the year 2004.
MotorSport Vision is the operating organisation for Bedford Aerodrome which has a runway surface made out of concrete. Bedford Aerodrome's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) identifier is EGBF and it is 83.2104 above sea level. The aerodrome has a runway called 08/26.
The ICAO location identifier for the Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF which is located in Thurleigh, whose postal code is MK44.
The ICAO location identifier for Bedford Aerodrome is EGBF with its runway length of 1095.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway with the length of 3078.48.
ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport. This airport has a runway length of 3500.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, Spain, with an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE, based in the city of Madrid.
Bedford Aerodrome has a runway surface made of concrete whose name is 08/26.
The place served by the Bedford Aerodrome is the Bedford Autodrome which has a runway with the length of 1095.0.
MotorSport Vision operates the Bedford Aerodrome located in Thurleigh with a runway length of 1095 and serves the Bedford Autodrome. The Bedford Aerodrome elevation is 83.2104 meters above sea level with a runway name of 08/26 and its ICAO location identifier of EGBF.
The 14L/32R runway of the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Madrid has a length of 4100.0.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase, in Iraq, has a runway length of 3078.48 metres.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean war.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the Invasion of Grenada as one of its noted battles as well as The Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought battles in the Korean war and also in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Amsterdam airport, Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas (United States), where Houston is the largest city.
Antwerp International Airport which has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level is owned and operated by the Flemish region and Flemish government respectively.
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport that serves the city of Antwerp. The owner of the airport is the Flemish Region.
Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin, as is Little Chute.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville which is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Ashgabat International Airport (located in Ashgabat) is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway with the name is 4/22, is located in Egg Harbor Township, in New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium.
