John Madin is an architect who was born in Birmingham, England and designed 103 Colmore Row.
John Madin was born in Birmingham (with Andrew Mitchell as a key leader) and became an architect, designing 103 Colmore Row.
John Clancy is a labor politican who leads Birmingham, where architect John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born.
Birmingham born architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row. The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders in Birmingham.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham (now led by the Labour Party) and designed 103 Colmore Row.
Birmingham, which is led by the Labour politician John Clancy, is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose home town is Birmingham, a town where Khalid Mahmood (British politician) is one of the leaders.
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976, is located at Colmore Row and has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England and was completed in 1976 having 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row, located in Birmingham, with 23 floors, was completed in 1976.
Completed in 1985, 200 Public Square has 45 floors, covering 111484 square metres.
200 Public Square, in Cleveland, Ohio 44114 and completed in 1985, has 45 floors.
200 Public Square, U.S. completed in 1985 has 45 floors.
The 200 Public Square has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland.
With a floor count of 45, 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland in the United States.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, United States and the governing body is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States.
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where 200 Public Square is located.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, Ohio and is located in United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio and Frank G Jackson is a leader.
200 Public Square in Public Square, Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors.
20 Fenchurch Street, completed April 2014, has 34 floors and floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London, the leader of which is Boris Johnson.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by Boris Johnson. London is led by the European Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street is in London where the leader is Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom.
20 Fenchurch Street, with 34 floors, is located within the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the monarch.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and the demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where the native people are known as the British people. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which uses the pound sterling as currency. The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton. It was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, has 60 floors and was completed in 2009.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, U.S., and Susana Mendoza is the leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, US.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois where Susana Mendoza is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Dupage County, Illinois, U.S.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, whose leader is Susana Mendoza, and is a part of DuPage County Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County Illinois, with Rahm Emanuel being the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle that was completed in 2009 which is located in Illinois.
Marriott International, with Bill Marriott as a key leader, is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, located in Denmark, is a tenant of Marriott International Hotel, which includes key figure Bill Marriott.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is leader at the Marriott International.
Margrethe II of Denmark is located at the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and is managed by Marriott International. Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. It was designed by the architectural firm 3XN.
The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and tenanted by Marriott International.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky (designed by architect 3XN) in Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is Marriott International.
Architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor, the building of which started in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 and was started in 1700 and designed by Augustus Pugin.
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and completed in 1862, with the architect being George Richard Pain.
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor building which construction started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland which is led by Enda Kenny. Irish people inhabit that country.
Adare Manor is in the Irish speaking Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster, County Limerick.
Adare Manor can be found in Adare, County Limerick, Munster.
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum located in the city of Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is in Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, Akita Prefecture and has an ethnic group of Koreans.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 142 Nakadori, it has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita; Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Located in the United States, The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, the address of which is 101 Ukrop Way.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business located in the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall built in the Georgian architecture style currently hosts the US Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business currently tenant Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in the United States.
Located in the United States, the Mason School of Business currently live in the Alan B. Miller Hall, a building which cost 75 million dollars.
Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Alan B Miller Hall which has a Georgian style of architecture is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia.
The College of William and Mary own the Alan B. Miller Hall that was completed on June 1, 2009 and is located in Virginia.
Mason School of Business, located in the United States, is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall, that is situated in Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall, located in The United States in Virginia, includes current tenant The Mason School of Business.
Alan B. Miller Hall is situated in Virginia, United States, and has the Mason School of Business as a tenant.
The College of William and Mary is owned by Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia. It was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Georgian styled Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009 in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, Ampara Hospital has 476 beds.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital is located.
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, which was was built in 1911 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 in Asherton Texas and was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was built in 1911. It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Dimmit County, Texas. United States.
Asherton, Texas is part of Dimmit County, Texas in the United States. Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is in Asherton.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and located on Asser Levy Place & East 23rd Street, was added to The National Register of Historic Places April 23, 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths located on 23rd Street, Manhattan was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and has the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street (Manhattan). It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 under reference number 80002709 and is located on Avenue A, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904, are located in Manhattan and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Located in New York City, Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City, United States.
The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City (part of New Netherland) US.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Brooklyn, New York City (part of New Netherland).
Manhattan and Brooklyn are parts of New York City, the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
Manhattan is part of New York City, which was part of New Netherland, and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York. Brooklyn is a part of New York City.
New York City, New York, Manhattan is the location of the Asser Levy Public Baths.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in birmingham where the leader is the conservative party (UK).
The Liberal Democrats lead Birmingham, home town of architect John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Based in Bethesda, Maryland, the Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Irish English is the official language of Ireland, which is led by Enda Kenny and home to Adare Manor.
Alan B. Miller Hall which is owned by the College of William and Mary was completed on 1st June 2009.
Construction on Alan B Miller Hall began on March 30th, 2007. The building was designed by Robert A. M. Stern. Alan B Miller Hall is located on 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. The current tenant is the Mason School of Business.
Robert A.M. Stern is the architect for Alan B. Miller Hall which is located in Virginia at 101 Ukrop Way. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the building which is owned by The College of William and Mary.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, which began construction on the 30th of March, 2007. The building was designed by Robert A M Stern and was completed on the 1st of June 2009. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants.
The College of William and Mary, located in Williamsburg Virginia is the location of the Mason School of Business located inside Alan B Miller Hall.
The Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by The College of William and Mary. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and has the address of 101 Ukrop Way. It is currently tenanted by The Mason School of Business.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009, address is "101 Ukrop Way". The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The Alan B Miller Hall, which is built in a Georgian style, is located in Virginia and is owned by The College of William and Mary. The building is currently occupied by The Mason School of Business and can be found at 101 Ukrop Way. It was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and began construction on the 30th of March 2007.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall lasted from March 30th, 2007 to June 1st, 2009. Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia, and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business.
Alan B. Miller Hall, at 101 Ukrop Way, was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and was completed on 01/06/2009. The building is in the USA and is currently occupied by The Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B. Miller Hall on the College of William and Mary's campus in Virginia.
The Mason Schools of Business are the current tenants of,Alan B Miller Hall (address: 101, Ukrop way) is situated in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business are the current residents of the Alan B Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A M Stern in a Georgian architectural style. This business is located in the United States at 101 Ukrop Way in a building which began construction on the 30th of March, 2007. The College of William and Mary is the current owner of the building.
The designer of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was Robert A M Stern. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business, however the Hall’s owner is the College of William and Mary.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which is currently owned by the College of William and Mary and which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and completed June 1, 2009.
Alan B. Miller Hall (located in United States) is owned by The College of William and Mary and its current tenants are The Mason School of Business.
The College of William and Mary own the Alan B. Miller Hall which was built in the Georgian architectural style. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and has the address of 101 Ukrop Way. The current tenants are The Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business currently occupies Alan B. Miller Hall located in Virginia, the building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall started on March 30th, 2007. Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia, and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business. The College of William and Mary owns the Hall.
Owned by The College of William and Mary, Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009 and hosts tenants including the Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business is located at the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia at 101 Ukrop Way. The architect of the building was Robert A M Stern and the building completion date was 01/06/2007.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Mason School of Business (located in the United States) are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. Its address is 101 Ukrop Way, located in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is located in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is a building in the Georgian architectural style. The building is owned by The College of William and Mary and was designed by Robert A.M. Stern. The address of the hall is 101 Ukrop Way and the construction start date was the 30th of March 2007.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall, owned by The College of William and Mary, is Robert A M Stern and it is situated at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia, USA. They started to build the Alan B Miller Hall on the 30th of March, 2007 and The Mason School of Business are now its tenants.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia, which was the design of Robert A.M. Stern. The building of the hall started on the 30th of March 2007 and completed on the 1st of June 2009. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the building.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States at the Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by The College of William and Mary. The hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way and its build began on the 30th of March, 2007 after being designed by architect Robert A M Stern.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is owned by The College of William and Mary, was designed by the architect Robert A.M. Stern. The address of the hall is 101 Ukrop Way and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
The owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall is the College of William and Mary and it is located at 101 Ukrop Way. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants. The architect of the Hall was Robert A M Stern.
Construction on Alan B. Miller Hall, which was designed by Robert A. M. Stern, began on March 30th, 2007. The building is located at 101 Ukrop Way and is owned by the College of William and Mary. The Mason School of Business is the Alan B. Miller Hall's current tenant.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, whose address is "101 Ukrop Way".
The College of WIlliam and Mary is the current owner of Alan B. Miller Hall and the Mason School of Business is the current tenants.
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way and the property was designed by architect Robert A M Stern. The current owner of the building is the College of William and Mary and the building was completed on 01/06/2009. The Mason School of Business are currently based at the Hall and are current tenants.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on June 1, 2009.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia, designed by Robert A.M. Stern and owned by the College of William and Mary.
Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia was completed on 1st June 2009.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall lasted from March 30th, 2007 to June 1st, 2009. Robert A. M. Stern designed the building. Alan B. Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, and the current tenant is the Mason School of Business, which is located in the United States.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is situated in Virginia at 101 Ukrop Way. The architect of the Alan B Miller Hall was Robert A M Stern and the building began construction on the 30th of March 2007. The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the hall and The College of William and Mary own it.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall (located in Virginia, United States). The college of William and Mary is the owner. The Hall building start date was in 30th March 2007, designed by Robert A.M. Stern. The address of the Hall is "101 Ukrop Way".
Alan B. Miller Hall (designed by Robert A.M. Stern) is owned by The College of William and Mary and the current tenants are the Mason School of business.
Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia, currently housing the Mason School of Business, was designed by Robert A.M. Stern (building start date: March 30, 2007) and is owned by the College of William and Mary (chancellor: Robert Gates).
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall, at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia, USA, is Robert A M Stern. The Mason School of Business are the current occupants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall (located in Virginia). It was designed by Robert A.M Stern and was completed on 1st June 2009.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States at the College of William and Mary owned Alan B. Miller Hall, which was designed by architect Robert A.M. Stern. The hall, which was completed on the 1st of June, 2009, can be found at 101 Ukrop Way and began construction on the 30th of March, 2007.
Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland, United States where 200 Public Square is located.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago (the leader of which is Rahm Emanuel), United States.
Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J P McManus.
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres over 3 floors and was inaugurated on 28 September 2013.
The Akita Museum of art is located in Akita, within the Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia. The building was begun on 30 March 2007.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which is owned by Alan B Miller Hall and is located in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business in the US are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall, the building of which began 30 March, 2007, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House located on US Route 83 and built in 1911 was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place, East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with the number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, U.S. Manhattan is a borough in New York City.
