English Without Tears, written by Terence Rattigan, runs 89 minutes. The cinematography for the film was done by Bernard Knowles.
Born in 1878, Harry Carey later grew up to write and star in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas.
English Without Tears, a film directed by Harold French and composed by Nicholas Brodszky, was released on 07-28-1944. The film length is 89 minutes.
The music of the film English Without Tears is composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
"English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
Terence Rattigan, who died in 1977, wrote the film English Without Tears in co-authorship with Anatole de Grunwald. The film was directed by Harold French, an actor whose career began in 1920.
The film "English Without Tears" was written by Terence Rattigan, who died on 30/11/1977. The film's director, Harold French, was born in 1897.
"McVeagh of the South Seas" was written and directed by Harry Carey born in 1878 and produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
Death on a Factory Farm is a HBO film produced and directed by Tom Simon. Jamie Lawrence wrote the music.
English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie written by Terence Rattigan and released on July 28th, 1944. Alan Jaggs was the editor while Nicholas Brodszky wrote the music for the film.
Sarah Teale and Tom Simon directed the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz. Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the movie which was released by HBO.
Death on a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale. The film runs for 83 minutes.
McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb ID 0004319) is a film starring Harry Carey and was directed by Harry Carey and Cyril Bruce.
The movie English Without Tears, which was released on 07-28-1944, was directed by Harold French, edited by Alan Jaggs, and produced by Anatole de Grunwald.
Sarah Teale was both the producer and director of the 83-minute movie Death on a Factory Farm.
Adam West was born in the year 1928.
HBO and Cinemax are sister stations.
English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie directed by Harold French. The film's editor and producer consisted of two men by the name of Anatole de Grunwald and Alan Jaggs.
Geof Bartz is the editor of the 83-minute film Death on a Factory Farm produced by Tom Simon.
Death on a Factory Farm was released by HBO.
'McVeagh of the South Seas', a film distributed by Alliance Films Corporation was directed by Gregory Allen and Harry Carey, an actor born in 1878.
English Without Tears is a film directed and edited by Alan Jaggs and Harold French. Anatole de Grunwald produced the movie while Nicholas Brodszky composed the film.
Cyril Bruce directed Harry Carey in McVeagh of the South Seas, a film produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
John Mills died in 2005.
A person named Jamie Lawrence is a member of the Brentford F.C. while someone with the same name was the composer for "Death on a Factory Farm" music.
The HBO film Death on a Factory Farm running at 83 minutes is produced and directed by Sarah Teale. The music is composed by Jamie Lawrence.
Death on a Factory Farm is a film broadcasted by HBO, formerly known as The Green Channel.
"English Without Tears" was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald. The editor for the film was Alan Jaggs.
The movie McVeagh of the South Seas was written and directed by Harry Carey and directed by Cyril Bruce. Carey was born in 1878.
HBO has different timeshift services, for example, HBO East and HBO West.
Released on 28th July 1944 the 89 minutes long film, "English Without Tears, " was directed by Harold French, produced by Anatole de Grunwald, while the songs in the film were composed by Nicholas Brodszky.
Terence Rattigan died in 1977.
English Without Tears is an 89-minute film that was released on July 28th, 1944. It was written by Anatole de Grunwald and directed by Harold French. Nicholas Brodszky was the music composer while Alan Jaggs was the film editor.
McVeagh of the South Seas is a film directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey. It’s a film that is logged in the IMDb database with the ID of 0004319. Carey was born on 1878 and was the writer of the film while he played a major character in the movie too. This movie was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
‘Death on a Factory Farm’ introduces music written by Jamie Lawrence, who also played for Ashford Town, F.C. The movie was broadcast on HBO. HBO East and HBO west are the channel’s unique timeshift services.
Death on a Factory Farm is an 83 minute movie that is directed by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz edited it while Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
Tom Simon and Sarah Teale produced the movie Death on a Factory Farm which was broadcasted by the Time Warner owned HBO which has headquarters in New York City, New York.
Producer Sarah Teale's Death on a Factory Farm runs for 83.0.
Tom Simon directed the film 'Death on a Factory Farm,' which was broadcasted by HBO.
A film named "English Without Tears" was released on July 28th, 1944. The film was edited by Alan Jaggs and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. Interestingly enough, the script was also written by Anatole de Grunwald. Finally, film buffs should know that Bernard Knowles was the cinematographer responsible for the beauty of this movie.
English Without Tears was written by Anatole de Grunwald and Terence Rattigan.
Terence Rattigan was born on 01/01/1911.
The owner of HBO is Time Warner.
Jamie Lawrence is the music composer of the 83 minute 'Death on a Factory Farm' film, directed by Sarah Teale.
Tom Simon directed the film "Death on a Factory Farm", which was edited by Geof Bartz.
McVeagh of the South Seas, a film directed by Cyril Bruce, is located in IMdb under ID 0004319.
Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO film that runs for 83 minutes. It is produced by Sarah Teale and Tom Simon, who is the director of the film as well. Geof Bartz is the editor and Jamie Lawrence composed the music.
'Death on a Factory Farm' was produced by Tom Simon and Sarah Teale, and was also directed by both of them.
Harold French directed English Without Tears, which is 89 minutes in duration.
Terence Rattigan is registered in IMDb under the ID 0711905.
The movie English Without Tears release date was July 28th, 1944. Anatole de Grunwald was the producer and also the writer of the movie along with Terence Rattigan. The cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles, and the movie runs for 89 minutes.
The film McVeagh of the South Seas was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company.
HBO's former name was 'The Green Channel'.
McVeagh of the South Seas (IMDb id 0004319) was written by Harry Carey, born in 1878, who also had a role in the film. McVeagh of the South Seas was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company and distributed by the Alliance Films Corporation.
McVeagh of the South Seas IMDb ID is 0004319.
Death on a Factory Farm, which was broadcasted by HBO, was edited by Geof Bartz and the music was composed by Jamie Lawrence.
Roadside Attractions is founded in 2003.
English Without Tears was produced by Anatole de Grunwald, directed by Harold French, with Nicholas Brodszky as the composer of the songs used.
The director of the movie Death on a Factory Farm was Sarah Teale.
Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the writer of the film McVeagh of the South Seas, directed by Cyril Bruce.
The cinematography of English Without Tears was done by Bernard Knowles.
English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie that was released on July 7th, 1944. The music was composed by Nicholas Brodszky. Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of the film.
Tom Simon directed the film ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ which was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcasted by HBO.
Geof Bartz edited Death on a Factory Farm, a film directed and produced by Tom Simon.
McVeagh of the South Seas with IMDb ID 0004319 is written by Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878).
Jamie Lawrence, born on 03-08-1970, is the music composer of Death on a Factory Farm.
Anatole de Grunwald produced and Harold French directed English Without Tears. The songs used in the movie were composed by Nicholas Brodszky, and Bernard Knowles was in charge of the cinematography.
"McVeagh of the South Seas" is distributed by Alliance Films Corporation and has the IMDb id of 0004319. It’s directed by Harry Carey and Gregory Allen. Carey was born in 1878.
Sarah Teale directed the movie Death on a Factory Farm which has a duration of 83 minutes.
Anatole Grunwald, born on December 25th 1910 is the coauthor of English Without Tears alongside Terence Rattigan.
The editing of the movie English Without Tears was done by Alan Jaggs.
Jamie Lawrence was born on March 8th, 1970.
Tom Simon directed and produced Death on a Factory Farm which was also produced by Sarah Teale. The movie was edited by Geof Bartz and released by HBO.
Born in 1878, Harry Carey acted in, directed, and wrote the movie McVeagh of the South Seas. The movie was directed by Cyril Bruce.
Anatole de Grunwald was the producer of 'English Without Tears,' a film with a running time of 89 minutes.
The music of the film English Without Tears is composed by Nicholas Brodszky with Harold French as the director.
Death on a Factory Farm was edited by Geof Bartz and produced by Tom Simon. The 83 minute long film includes music composed by Jamie Lawrence.
Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and starred in the movie McVeagh of the South Seas which was also directed by Cyril Bruce and registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319.
Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the writer of McVeagh of the South Seas.
Tom Simon produced and directed the film Death on a Factory Farm whilst Jamie Lawrence composed the music. This film lasted for 83 minutes and was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcast by HBO.
McVeagh of the South Seas was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
"Death on a Factory Farm" is a movie produced by Tom Simon and directed by Tom Simon.
The film English Without Tears (89 minutes long) features music composed by Nicholas Brodszky. English Without Tears was edited by Alan Jaggs, and the film's cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles.
McVeagh of the South Seas, a film with the IMDb #0004319, was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation and produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. The film was directed by Cyril Bruce and Harry Carey, who was born in 1878 and also starred in and wrote the film.
Anatole de Grunwald's English Without tears cinematography was done by Bernard Knowles.
Harold French was a film director who directed English without Tears.
Harold French started being an active actor in 1920.
Harry Carey (actor, born in 1878) was the actor and writer of McVeagh of the South Seas, IMDb ID 0004319.
Harry Carey born in 1878 is starring in the film McVeagh of the South Seas, registered in IMDb with the ID 0004319. The film was produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
Anatole de Grunwald died in London.
'English Without Tears' was written by Terence Rattigan.
Adam West got his first role in 1954.
The movie English Without Tears' released on July 28, 1994. Produced by Anatole de Grunwald, it also featured Nicholas Brodszky's music compositions while he also worked as part of the non-performing staff.
Death on a Factory Farm, produced and directed by Tom Simon and edited by Geof Bartz was broadcast by HBO. The music was composed by Jamie Lawrence and Sarah Teale was co-producer.
The music of ‘Death on a Factory Farm’ was composed by Jamie Lawrence. Tom Simon and Sarah Teale both directed the film.
Terence Rattigan, who authored "English Without Tears", was born on 01/01/1911.
Harry Carey wrote and acted in the movie, McVeagh of the South Seas. He was born in 1878. The ID of the movie in the IMDb is under 0004319 and it’s produced by Progressive Motion Picture Company.
English Without Tears is 89 minutes long.
Directed by Cyril Bruce, McVeagh of the South Seas stars actor Harry Carey, who was born in eighteen seventy-eight.
"English Without Tears", which was written by Anatole de Grunwald, has a running time of 89 minutes.
The 89-minute-long movie English Without Tears includes music composed by Nicholas Brodszky. Alan Jaggs was in charge of the editing.
Nicholas Brodszky has a non-performing background.
English Without Tears, an 89 minute long film released on 1944-07-28, was directed by Harold French. The editing was done by Alan Jaggs, and the composing was done by Nicholas Brodszky.
'Death on a Factory Farm' was produced by Tom Simon.
Geof Bartz is the editor of the film Death on a Factory Farm.
Death on a Factory Farm has a duration of 83 minutes.
Harry Carey (born 1878) was a movie actor and starred in and directed McVeagh of the South Seas. Cyril Bruce also directed McVeagh of the South Seas.
Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced the 89 minute movie English Without Tears which was edited by Alan Jaggs and had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
Anatole de Grunwald wrote and produced English Without Tears which had Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
English Without Tears is a 89 minute film that was written and produced by Anatole de Grunwald. the movie was released on July 28th, 1944. Nicholas Brodszky was the musical composer and Harold French was the director . The editing was done by Alan Jaggs.
English Without Tears is a film directed by Harold French.
English Without Tears is an 89 minute movie that was released on July 28th, 1944. It was directed by Harold French and edited by Alan Jaggs. The producers and music composers consists of Anatole de Grunwald and Nicholas Brodszky.
The music for the movie "English Without Tears" was composed by Nicholas Brodszky, whereas the movie was edited by Alan Jaggs, produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald, while Bernard Knowles did the cinematography.
"English Without Tears" was produced by Anatole de Grunwald who was born on December 25, 1910.
Harry Carey, born in 1878, wrote, directed and acted in the film McVeagh of the South Seas which was produced by the Progressive Motion Picture Company. Cyril Bruce also directed the movie which was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation.
English without Tears is a 89 minute movie that was released on July 28th, 1944. The editor is Alan Jaggs and the music composer is Nicholas Brodszky.
English Without Tears was edited by Alan Jaggs, produced by Anatole de Grunwald, with Bernard Knowles as the cinematographer.
Harold French is born in the UK.
Death on a Factory Farm is an HBO Film directed and produced by Tom Simon. Geof Bartz is the editor.
Tom Simon directed and produced the 83 minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which was edited by Geof Bartz and broadcasted by HBO.
Jamie Lawrence composed the music for the movie "Death on a Factory Farm", which was produced and directed by Tom Simon.
English Without Tears was released on 1944-07-28.
Harold French is a film director.
The film McVeagh of the South Seas, with the IMDb ID of 0004319, was directed by Cyril Bruce and starred Harry Carey who was born in 1878.
McVeagh of the South Seas is written and directed by Harry Carey and Cyril Bruce. Carey was in the movie and born in 1878. The film is in the IMDb under the I.D. of 0004319.
Tom Simon is the director of Death on a Factory Farm.
Terence Rattigan died on the 30th of November in the year 1977.
English Without Tears producer Anatole de Grunwald was born in Saint Petersburg.
The director of the movie English Without Tears was an avid actor since 1920. He goes by the name of Harold French. Editing and producing the movie was done by Alan Jaggs and Anatole de Grunwald respectively.
Anatole de Grunwald was born in Saint Petersburg.
Harold French was the director of the 89 minute film English Without Tears, where Nicholas Brodszky was the music composer.
Sarah Teale directed and produced the 83-minute movie Death on a Factory Farm which had Jamie Lawrence as the music composer. Tom Simon was also a producer of the movie.
Death of a Factory Farm was produced and directed by Tom Simon. It was released by HBO and is 83 minutes long.
Anatole de Grunwald is the writer and producer of 'English Without Tears'.
Nicholas Brodszky composed music of the movie English Without Tears with a running time of 89 minutes and release date was 07-28-1944.
'English Without Tears' was written by Terence Rattigan and Anatole de Grunwald, who was born in Saint Petersburg.
English Without Tears is written by Anatole de Grunwald.
