Aaron S. Daggett, born in Greene, Maine, fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Born in Greene Maine, Aaron S. Daggett, fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and awarded the Purple Heart.
Greene, Maine is the birthplace of Aaron S Daggett who fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Miri, Malaysia, was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, who has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze for a deputy. Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak Abdul Taib Mahmud, was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kubm, who was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub, born in Miri, Malaysia, was in office during Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman Vice Presidency and was the suceessor to Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence is Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak where he lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, kuching. HE was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides at Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who represents the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party, was born in Miri, Malaysia and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and lives in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Born in Miri (Malaysia), Abdul Taib Mahmud, lives in Sarawak, and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak, and was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupied British Borneo. Satem succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud who lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Air Force, was in office while the Vice President was Mike Akhigbe, whose successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Al-Amin Daggash succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar and Oladipo Diya was Mr. Akhigbe's predecessor.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who worked as Nigerian Chief of Defence staff, was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar; was a member of the Nigerian Air Force, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President and was succeeded by, Olusegun Obasanjo.
Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy.
Abel Caballero, born in Ponteareas, in Galicia in Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abel Caballero, Mayor of Vigo, was born in Galicia, Spain.
Born in Galicia, in Spain, Abel Caballero worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero served when Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was king. Gonzalez succeeded Rodolfo Llopis.
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain (prior to his being succeeded by Alfonso XIII) and while Felipe González was Prime Minister.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome and preceded Alfonso XIII. Whilst he was monarch Abel Caballero was in office.
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain who was born in Rome, and married to, Queen Sofia of Spain.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was king. Juan Carlos I of Spain preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain.
Abel Caballero of Ponteareas was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I, who preceded Alfonso XIII in Spain.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, was in office after Juan Carlos I of Spain succeeded Alfonso XIII as monarch.
Born in Ponteareas, Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain, who succeeded, Francisco Franco.
Spanish born Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I, who succeeded Francisco Franco, was monarch of Spain.
Abel Caballero served during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain who was born in Rome and succeeded Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose wife is Queen Sofia, was Monarch.
Born in Ponteareas, Galicia, in Spain, Abel Caballero worked as Minister of Transport.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain and served as the Minister of Transport.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, united states where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Abraham A Ribicoff, married to Ruth Ribicoff, was born in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, the birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff.
Abraham A. Ribicoff; was born in Connecticut, is married to Ruth Ribicoff, and worked as Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the U.S. and became Governor of Connecticut. Ruth Ribicoff is his spouse.
United States born, Abraham A. Ribicoff, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, and is married to Ruth Ribicoff.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare before being succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, born in New Britain, Connecticut, worked as the US Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the U.S and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, born New Britain, Connecticut, once worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office and was succeeded by, John N. Dempsey.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the U.S. worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, where he was succeded by John N Dempsey.
The United States includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the birthplace of Abraham A Ribicoff who is married to Casey Ribicoff.
Casey Ribicoff, is the wife of Abraham A. Ribicoff (born in Connecticut), who, was the Governor of Connecticut.
USA born Abraham A Ribicoff was the Governor of Connecticut and was married to Casey Ribicoff.
Abraham A. Ribicoff who worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare was born in Connecticut and had a wife called Casey.
Born in the United States, Abraham A. Ribicoff, worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, and his wife is Casey Ribicoff.
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as Governor of Connecticut and his wife, Casey Ribicoff, was born in Chicago.
United States born Abraham A Ribicoff was married to Casey Ribicoff. The U.S. is home to Native Americans.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and was the Governor of Connecticut before being succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze.
New Britain, Connecticut was the birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicoff who worked as Governor of Connecticut and was succeeded by, John N. Dempsey.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the U.S. and was Governor of Connecticut. His successor was John N. Dempsey.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Cross of Independence award and the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Adam Koc, who fought in World War II, was awarded the Cross of Independence and the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Adam Koc received the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour for Poland and fought in World War I.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari and the Cross of Valour for Poland.
Adam Koc, who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, was awarded both the Cross of Independence and awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Adam Koc fought in battles in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Legion of Honour and the Cross of Valour for Poland.
Adam Koc, who fought in the Polish–Soviet War was awarded both the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Independence.
Adam Koc, who fought in battles in the Polish-Soviet War, was later awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland and the Virtuti Militari Award.
Adam Koc was born in Suwalki and fought in the Polish–Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet war.
Born in Congress Poland, Adam Koc, fought in the Polish–Soviet War, during which, Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War, a conflict within the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and is a member of the Green New Democracy Party.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, Greece, was the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece, and worked as the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in the Greek city of Athens and served as the Vice President of New Democracy.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens (Greece) and worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, served in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers.
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was the deputy.
Born in Athens, Adonis Georgiadis, was in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras, who was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece, was in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers.
Antonis Samaras, in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister, was himself Prime Minister when Adonis Georgiadis was in office. Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office when Antonis Samaras served as Prime Minister and had Evangelos Venizelos for a Deputy. While Antonis Samaras, was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office whilst Antonis Samaras, later succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was his Deputy.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Distinguished Service Order, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Territorial Decoration, retiring on 20th March 1979.
Airey Neave, started his career on 30th June 1953, was involved in the Battle of France, and ended his career on, 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, whose career ended on 30 March 1979, fought in World War II and was awarded the Territorial Decoration.
Airey Neave, who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979.
Born on 22nd September, 1856, Albert B White died at Parkersburg, West Virginia, on the 3rd July 1941.
Born in Cleveland, Albert B. White, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, and was succeeded by, William M.O. Dawson.
Born in Cleveland, Albert B White, was succeeded by William M O Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M O Dawson who died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland on 22 September 1856.
Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died at Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B White, was born on 22nd September, 1856 and died in 1941.
William M O Dawson was born in Bloomington Maryland and succeeded Albert B White who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Born September 22nd, 1856, Albert B. White, died on the July 3rd, 1941.
Agnes Ward White, born in Marietta, Ohio was married to Albert B. White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson.
Agnes Ward White was married to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland and retired on March 4th 1905.
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Cleveland born, Albert B. White, whose successor was, William M.O. Dawson.
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B. White who succeeded William M. O. Dawson, born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Succeeded by William M O Dawson, Albert B. White, started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
William M O Dawson, who preceded Albert B White, was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, which is governed by Buenos Aires City Legislature and where the leader is Diego Santilli.
Alberto Teisaire's place of death was Buenos Aires, the country where Gabriela Michetti is a leader and the governing body, is the Buenos Aires City Legislature.
Buenos Aires, which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire, is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party, worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office at the same time that Juan Perón was president.
Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
Alberto Teisaire, born in Mendoza, Argentina, served as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alberto Teisaire, whose belongs to the Justicialist Party, was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was President.
Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina, belonged to the Justicialist Party and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire, was born in Mendoza in Argentina, and succeeded by, Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz.
Born in Austria-Hungary, Alfons Gorbach, died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria and died in the city of Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in Austria, and died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state, Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Styria.
Governor of North Carolina Alfred Moore Scales is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party and was succeeded by James Madison Leach.
Governor Alfred Moore Scales of North Carolina, and Democrat, was succeeded by James W. Reid.
Daniel Gould Fowle is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales, who was Governor of North Carolina and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Before retiring on 1939-01-03, Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States, Army, which had fought in the American Civil War.
Alfred N. Phillips, who retired on 3 January 1939, was a member of the US Army which fought in the Korean war.
The United States Army, which battled in the Invasion of Grenada, was the army Alfred N. Phillips (retired 1939-01-03) served in.
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War. Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States, Army and retired on 1939-01-03.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the US Army who retired on Jan. 3, 1939. The Whiskey Rebellion is a battle fought in the U.S.
Alfred N. Phillips who was born in Darien, Connecticut, was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and was succeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the Connecticut's 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin.
Albert E. Austin succeeded Alfred N. Phillips who was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alvah Sabin, who ended his career on 3 March 1857, represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin; was born in Georgia, Vermont, represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District, and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was a Baptist.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
Alvah Sabin, who retired on 3rd March 1857, was a member of US Whig Party of which Henry Clay was the leader.
Born on 23rd October, 1793, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23.10.1793 and was a member of the Whig Party of the United States led by Daniel Webster.
From Vermont, Alvah Sabin, represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia in the state of Vermont and worked as the secretary of the State.
Alvah Sabin (who died died in Sycamore, Illinois), represented Vermont, the largest city of which, is Burlington, Vermont.
Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach's place of birth was the state, Tyrol and place of death was in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria, the country where Alfons Gorbach died, in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria which is led by Doris Bures, and later died in Styria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria where Doris Bures is a leader.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party, served in office at the same time that Juan Peron was President and Hortensio Quijano was Governor.
Juan Peron, of the Argentinian Labour Party, served as President when Hortensio Quijano was governer and Alberto Teisaire was in office.
Alberto Teisaire belonged to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president. Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president.
A member of the Labour Party in Argentina, Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president. When Juan Perón was president, is the time that Alberto Teisaire was in office.
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party of Argentina and when he became President, Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, was in office.
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office while Juan Peron, who was a member of the Labour Party, was President.
Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and was president at the same time Alberto Teisaire was in office. Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire.
Alberto Teisaire, who belongs to the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Perón, married to Eva, was president.
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to Eva Peron. During his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office.
William M O Dawson succeeded Albert B White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland, where Polish is the language. Adam Koc is of Polish nationality.
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and Abel Caballero is Spanish.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party, resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Sarawak.
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Born in Miri, Malaysia, and living in, Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe, whose successor was Atiku Abubakar. Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served while Mike Akhigbe, who was preceded by Oladipo Diya, was Vice President. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was in office during Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain's reign. Francisco Franco was Carlos' predecessor.
Adam Koc fought in battles in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour for Poland.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress in Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens (Greece), and worked as Minister for Health.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
Imst, in the County of Tyrol, was the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach, who died in Graz.
Alvah Sabin, who was born on 23rd October 1793, in Georgia, Vermont, worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont.
Born in Georgia, Vermont, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the Whig Party of the United States. Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria, the leader of which, is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Adam Koc is from Poland, where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
