The album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live is preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was followed by The Quine Tapes.
The Quine Tapes are Rock music genre preceded by the album Squeeze, and Squeeze was preceded by the album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico.
Music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes under the Polydor Records record label. The album was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, USA and has a run time of 230:05.
The Quine Tapes was produced by The Velvet Underground in St. Louis, Missouri, United States; its genre is rock.
Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening.
Squeeze was followed by the album 1969: The Velvet Underground Live.
The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, a rock music genre,with runtime of 230:05 was produced and released by Velvet Underground. It was recorded in the United States.
Sludge metal has a variety called southern sludge.
The genre of the Velvet Underground is proto-punk.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded through Polydor Records, released by the record label Universal Music Group, and preceded by the Velvet Underground album Squeeze.
The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded under the Universal Music Group record label.
Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock, which is the genre of the album Turn Me On, among other things.
Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was created by The Velvet Underground and is 230.05 minutes long.
The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes, produced by the Velvet Underground, was recorded in the United States and has a run time of 230:05.
The album Take It Off! is produced by the American band the Honeymoon Killers.
Expect a Miracle, a compilation album of instrumental music genre is of the easy listening genre and has a runtime of 54.56 minutes. It was followed by the album Afterplay.
Take it Off is from the genre of noise rock.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St Louis, Missouri, in the United States, in English, the primary language of the country.
The Turn Me On album by Honeymoon Killers, who also happens to be its producer has a runtime of 35.1 minutes. It was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
Expect a Miracle, an instrumental music genre album with a runtime of 54:56, was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly and then followed by the album Afterplay.
The Velvet Underground, produced their album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
Expect a Miracle, a compilation album by Brian Kelly with runtime of 54.56 minutes is of instrumental music genre. Produced by Brian Kelly Expect a Miracle was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly.
The drum kit is an instrument used in the punk blues genre.
After releasing their album Squeeze, music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which they recorded in St Louis Missouri, USA The album was released on 2001-10-16 under the Polydor and Universal Music Group record labels and has a total run time of 230:05 minutes.
Turn Me On by Honeymoon Killers, a noise rock and punk blues genre, has a runtime of 35.1 minutes. Its producers are Honeymoon Killers themselves and Wharton Tiers.
The parent company of Polydor Records is Universal Music Group.
"Let It Breed" was followed by the album "Turn Me On".
The run time of the album Turn Me On is 35.1 minutes where the artist is the Honeymoon Killers with punk blues as the genre. Turn Me On album is self-produced by the American band Honeymoon Killers with noise rock as the genre of the album.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was recorded in St. Louis, Missouri, and San Francisco, where Ed Lee is the political leader.
"Expect a Miracle", with a total runtime of 54:56, and in which was preceded by the album, "Pools of Light", were both productions by the work of Brian Kelly.
The total length of the Turn Me On punk blues album by the American band The Honeymoon Killers is 35 minutes 10 seconds.
The Velvet Underground band drew occasional musical artists from an associated group called Theater of Eternal Music.
Noise music is an origin of noise rock.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock.
The Honeymoon Killers both recorded and produced the album Turn Me On. This punk blues album is 35.1 minutes long.
The album Expect a miracle is of the easy instrumental Listening music genre.
After the release of Let It Breed, Turn Me On has a 35.1 minute runtime and was followed by Take It Off.
Expect a Miracle is an instrumental song recorded by Brian Kelly. This easy listening song has a runtime of 54:56 and was followed by Afterplay, also by Brian Kelly.
The Velvet Underground album Squeeze is in the genre of rock music.
Brain Kelly's Expect a Miracle was a compilation album that was preceded by Pools of Light and followed by Afterplay.
Brian Kelly produced an instrumental album titled Expect A Miracle.
The album Pools of Light was succeeded by Brian Kelly's instrumental Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The album Turn Me On, followed by Take it Off!, was preceded by the album Let it Breed.
Expect a Miracle is in the instrumental music genre.
The album Turn Me On was produced by Wharton Tiers, followed by the Take it Off album. The producer of Take It Off! is the American band the Honeymoon Killers, coming after Take it Off! was the extended play song, 'Til Death Do Us Part.
Brian Kelly is the author of "Expect a Miracle," a compilation album with a runtime of 54:56. Expect a Miracle was released after Kelly's Pools of Light.
Brian Kelly recorded an instrumental music piece called Expect a Miracle.
The genre of Turn Me On is punk blues.
The album Turn Me On (which has run time of 35.1 minutes) was preceded by the album Let It Breed; Let It Breed is preceded by the release of the album Love American Style.
The album Turn Me On is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers.
Turn Me On is a punk blues and noise rock album that runs 35.1 minutes long. Turn It On was preceded by the album Let It Breed.
Brian Kelly's Expect a Miracle is a compilation album which has a runtime of 54.56 minutes, which is in the instrumental music genre, preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The album Turn me on was created by the honeymoon killers. This song lasts 35.1 minutes and was preceded by the album Let it Breed. Wharton Tiers produced it .
Wharton Tiers, born on January the 1st, 1953, is producing the album Turn Me On with the Honeymoon Killers.
Artist Brian Kelly, who is a composer & pianist, created Expect a Miracle, which is an easy listening album in the instrumental music genre.
The album Turn Me On (produced by American band the Honeymoon Killers) is 35 minutes 10 seconds long.
Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly, an album of the easy listening genre, was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
Brian Kelly is the producer and author of the album "Expect a Miracle", said album has a runtime of 54:56 and is of the instrumental music genre.
Wharton Tiers is the producer of Take it Off.
The album Take It Off! is preceded by the album Turn Me On.
Expect a Miracle is a compilation album that is 54.56 minutes long. Brian Kelly wrote and produced it. The album was preceded by Pools of Light, by Brian Kelly.
Compilation album Expect a Miracle was produced by composer and pianist Brian Kelly following his earlier album Pools of Light. The album is an instrumental album with a total length of 54.56. Expect a Miracle was followed by Kelly’s Afterplay album.
Expect a Miracle, a compilation album produced by Brian Kelly with a runtime of 54.56 minutes, was preceded by Kelly's album Pools of Light.
Noise pop is a fusion genre, having elements from noise rock, among other things.
The album Live at Roadburn 2008 was followed by “Karysun / Year of No Light”.
Post-hardcore is a derivative of noise rock.
Expect a Miracle is preceded by the Brian Kelly album Pools of Light.
The Expect a Miracle album which is of the instrumental music genre is followed by the album Afterplay.
Wharton Tiers was born on January 1, 1953.
Expect a Miracle by Brian Kelly is an instrumental album. It is preceded by Pools of Light and followed by Afterplay.
Expect a Miracle's genre is easy listening was produced and recorded by the artist Brian Kelly.
Expect a Miracle created and produced by composer and pianist Brian Kelly has a run time of 54.56 minutes. It was preceded by the album Pools of Light.
The Brian Kelly album Afterplay was preceded by Pools of Light and then Expect a Miracle.
Expect a Miracle was followed by Afterplay by Brian Kelly.
The album Let It Breed is preceded by the release of the album Love American Style.
Expect a Miracle has a runtime of 54:56.
Expect a Miracle was produced by Brian Kelly - a composer & pianist,-. has runtime is 54.56, and s a compilation album.The Brian Kelly album Expect a Miracle was preceded by the album Pools of Light & followed by Brian Kelly's Afterplay album.
The compilation album Expect a Miracle, which was produced by Brian Kelly, has a runtime of 54:56.
Expect a Miracle, with a runtime of 54:56, was preceded by Pools of Light by Brian Kelly.
Expect a Miracle in the instrumental music genre, an easy listening album lasts 54.56 minutes.
Artist Brian Kelly, who is a composer and pianist, created and produced Expect a Miracle.
