Ajoblanco, also known as "Ajo blanco", is made with garlic and comes from Spain.
An ingredient of ajoblanco (alternative name ajo blanco) is olive oil, the dish originates from Spain.
Ajo Blanco (sometimes called Ajoblanco) is a dish from Spain that contains water.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a food found in Andalusia, in Spain.
Garlic is and ingredient of Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, in Spain.
Ajoblanco is made from Olive oil and is found in Andalusia in Spain.
Coming from Spain, is the dish Ajoblanco (alternatively known as Ajo blanco) which has almond as an ingredient.
Almond is one of the ingredients in Ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region, in the country of Spain.
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants and part of the Rosaceae family. They are an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Almond, an ingredient in Ajoblanco, is part of the Rosaceae family and is a member of the Rosales order.
Almond, which is one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco, is part of the Rosaceae family and also part of the order of Rosids.
Almond is part of the order of Rosids and a member of the Rosales order. It is an ingredient of ajoblanco.
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia (in Spain) where Ajoblanco is from.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department. The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa containing Chicharron is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Antioquia Department region, in Colombia.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre. A dish which is from the Catalonia region, in Spain.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which is from the Catalonia region, in Spain.
Arros negre, containing white rice, is from the Catalonia region in Spain.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain, the leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia.
The people of Spain are known as Spaniards and are led by Felipe VI of Spain. Arros negre is from the country.
Arròs negre is from Spain, whose ethnic group consists of Spaniards and whose leader is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, the country where Felipe VI is the leader.
Arros negre, a traditional dish, comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in it.
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre, which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain and contains squid.
Arros negre made with white rice is from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader.
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community (Spain) where Arros negre comes from.
A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas from the Malay peninsula region, which is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It is popular in Indonesia and can be found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a hot and sour sauce and is found in Sumatra and Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and has the capital of Kuala Lumpur.
The leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak and the city of Kuala Lumpur is the capital, it's also where the dish asam pedas is found.
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia which has a Malay ethnic group. Asam pedas is a food from there.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and where Arifin Zakaria is the leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, the capital of which is Putrajaya. Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur, and the Malaysian Chinese are one of the ethnic groups.
An ethnic group in Malaysia which is led by Abdul Halim of Kedah are the Malaysian Chinese. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia. An ethnic group there are the Malaysian Chinese. Asam pedas is a food found in that country.
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish. The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah, and its capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas (from the Malay Peninsula region) comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish in a sour and hot sauce found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas, also known as Asam padeh, is a dish made in Sumatra, coming from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia.
A dish from Sumatra, Malaysia and Indonesia called asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Fried chicken whose main ingredient is chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet'. Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore.
Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken. Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish, from Singapore, called Ayam Penyet.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. "Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet is made from fried chicken and can be found in Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Fried chicken is an ingredient of the Javan dish Ayam penyet which is popular in Malaysia.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet. This is a dish from both Malaysia and Indonesia.
A popular dish in Malaysia, Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Fried chicken is a key ingredient in Ayam penyet from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Malaysia, and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia, but originated in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Java, Malaysia where the Javanese people live.
Found in Java, the food Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Chinese.
Ayam penyet, from the Singapore region of Java, has fried chicken in it.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore as well as from Java. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, a dish from the region of Singapore, which can also be found in Indonesia.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from the region of New York and the country of France.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from both the country of France and the region of New York.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the currency is the Euro.
Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the national language and the leader is Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, which leader is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French.
Baked Alaska is from France, where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders.
Baked Alaska, which contains meringue, is a dish found in the region of New York in the U.S.
Baked Alaska, coming from France, is a dessert and can be served as an alternative to the confectionery based Sandesh.
Baked Alaska, a cookie type dessert, comes from France.
A cookie is a dessert, as too is Baked Alaska which has ice cream as an ingredient.
The dessert of baked Alaska has meringue as an ingredient, a cookie is also a type of dessert.
Sandesh and Baked Alaska (which contains ice cream) are both desserts.
An ingredient of the dessert baked Alaska is meringue. Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can also be served as a dessert.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, a dessert. Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, which can come from either Paris (France), New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska, with ice cream as one ingredient, is a dish from the U.S. It is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska, that contains Christmas pudding, is from the country of France. Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell. It contains ground almonds, jam butter and eggs.
The bakewell tart originates from the Derbyshire Dales region, has frangipane as one of its ingredients and bakewell pudding as a variant.
Bakewell tart includes fruit preserves among its ingredients. It is a variant of Bakewell pudding and comes from the region of the Derbyshire Dales.
A dish popular in the Derbyshire dales is bakewell tart which has the key ingredient of shortcrust pastry, a variant of this dish is bakewell pudding.
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. The dish was created at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, Derbyshire Dales in 1820.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart, a variant of Bakewell pudding, from the Derbyshire Dales region.
An ingredient in Bakewell tart, from the Derbyshire Dales region, which is a variant of Bakewell pudding, are fruit preserves.
Bakewell pudding (a variation of which is Bakewell tart that uses shortcrust pastry) is from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Originating from the Derbyshire Dales, Bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader.
The dessert of bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and has the ingredients, almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding, whose ingredients include ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs, was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820 and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Containing noodles, the dish Bakso is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Tapioca is found in bakso which is popular in Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries. Bakso comes from Indonesia.
Bakso, which contains celery, is popular all over Indonesia where it originated, and other Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso has celery as an ingredient and is found in both Indonesia and China.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia.
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso from Indonesia.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in Indonesia.
Bakso is made in China, contains noodles and is also found in a region in Indonesia.
Bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in Indonesia.
Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region. One of the ingredients in this dish is Cooking plantain.
Bandeja paisa comes from Colombia, from the Antioquia Department region and it's made with rice.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department.
Chicharrón is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa, part of Colombian cuisine, is found in the Antioquia Department.
Antioquia Department, Colombia, is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from, it includes lemons.
Bandeja paisa is a regional dish containing lemons from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Lemon is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa, a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa includes hogao as an ingredient and is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Part of Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department, Bandeja paisa's main ingredients is Pork belly.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is considered typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department.
Pork belly is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa. This is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa, containing Chicharrón, originates from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be found in France, where Claude Bartolone leads and French is a language spoken there.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande.
Barny cakes come from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the French language is spoken.
France, led by Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande, is the location of Barny cakes.
The leaders of France are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls where barny cakes come from.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is leader.
François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France, where Barny Cakes come from.
Barny cakes can be found in France, where two of the leaders are, Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8g of fat, and 18 grams of carbs.
The variations of batagor and siomay are the same dish, shumai is a variation of batagor which is found in Indonesia.
Found in Indonesiam a batagor consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of the Indonesian dish batagor, which should be served hot.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are variations of a dish that contains peanut sauce.
Shiitake is a key ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay.
Batagor, made with peanut sauce, is a variation of the Siomay and similar Shumai dishes.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish, which is similar to Shumai (containing shiitake).
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish that contains peanut sauce.
Batagor (and its alternative of Shumai) and Siomay (made with peanut sauce) are both variations of the same dish.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and has the main ingredients of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
The main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the Philippines, are noodles, pork, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, the main ingredients of which are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The main ingredients in this dish are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient.
A dish which comes from Indonesia and is popular in Singapore is beef kway teow, it has sesame oil among its ingredients.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan, it's also where beef kway teow is from. Beef kway teow is also found in Indonesia.
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Standard Chinese speaking Singapore where they make Beef kway teow.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish originating from Indonesia and also commonly found in Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of Indonesia and is made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef Kway Teow is made in Indonesia, and Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore, whose leaders include Tony Tan, and is also made in Indonesia.
An ingredient of beef kway teow, which originates from Singapore and Indonesia is palm sugar.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from. It is a dish which can also be found in indonesia.
Beef kway teow, which contains palm sugar, is a dish made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore containing sesame oil and can be found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore.
Coming form India and made with gram flour, Bhajji, has the alternative names Bhaji and bajji.
Bhajji, whose alternative names are Bhaji and Bajji, comes from the country of India. It includes vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India. Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in it.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India, it includes vegetables.
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of the Karnataka region in India where Bhajji originates from.
Bhajji comes from the country of India, where Narendra Modi is a leader and the Indian rupee is the currency.
The leader of India is T. S. Thakur and has a currency called the rupee. Bhajji comes from that country.
Narendra Modi leads India whose people are known as Indians. Bhajji comes from India.
Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of the Indian people.
Bhajji originates from India where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bhajji originates from India, where T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The ingredients in Bhajji include gram flour and vegetables.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which along with sandesh are types of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert that contains coconut milk. A cookie is also a dessert.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit, a type of dessert. Another type of dessert is sandesh.
Sago is a key ingredient of a dish called Binignit which like Sandesh is a dessert.
Binignit is a type of dessert like Cookies. It is made from sweet potato.
Binignit is a dessert which contains sweet potato. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dessert.
Two of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato (of the order of Solanales).
Coconut milk and sweet potato are the main ingredients of the binignit dish, which can be found in the Philippines.
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk. Another ingredient is sweet potato which is from the order Solanales.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit recipes, which also contain sweet potatoes, and come from the Philippines.
Binignit recipes typically contain sweet potatoes and sago. Sweet potatoes belong to the order Solanales.
Sweet potato and Taro are two of the main ingredients in Binignit, a dish that can be found in the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Taro and sweet potato (of the order Solanales).
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit, a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana, along with sago. The dish can be found in the Philippines.
Banana is one of the main ingredients in the dish binignit which is an ingredient in taro, the dish is from the Philippines.
The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago. The dish comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes but it also has bananas. The dish comes from the Philippines.
One of the main ingredients of the cuisine of Binignit, in the Philippines, is the sweet potato, and another is coconut milk.
The Filipino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and taro as ingredients.
Cookies are served as a dessert as is binignit which has the main ingredient of Sweet potatoes.
Two types of dessert are Sandesh and Binignit. The latter has sweet potato as a main ingredient.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit along with sweet potatoes which belong to the solanales order of plants.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato (part of the order of Solanales.), another ingredient that can be used is Sago.
Sweet potatoes are part of the order of Solanales and are a main ingredient of Binignit which also contains taro.
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia. Arròs negre, from the Catalonia region, is a traditional dish from Spain.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region. Chicharron is a dish from Spain; it is one of the ingredients of Bandeja Paisa.
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain. Bandeja paisa, which has Chicharron as an ingredient, is a traditional dish from the Paisa region.
Found in the Andalusia region, Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is is part of Colombian cuisine.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore. It is also found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java, where the food ayam penyet is found. The dish is from the Singapore region.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoken. It is also where Zamboangans are a group.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines, where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish, and batchoy is eaten.
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten and one of the languages is Arabic.
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Arabic is a language spoken. It is also the country Batchoy comes from.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and one of the languages is Arabic.
The dish batchoy is from the Philippines where English is spoken and the Chinese Filipino people are from.
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. It is also the country where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The ethnic group of the Ilocano people are from the Philippines where English is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken and Batchoy comes from.
Binignit is a dish found in the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and the language spoken is Philippine English.
In the Philippines, the spoken languages is Philippine Spanish, it's also where Batchoy comes from and home to Chinese Filipino people.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is the language and one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people.
The Ilocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines, where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish. It is also where Batchoy comes from.
Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippines. People of Moro ethnicity are from that country. Batchoy comes from the Philippines.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Tony Tan.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken and where the dish Beef kway teow is from.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay, which is considered a variation on shumai, which is considered to be a variation of Batagor.
The Euro is the currency in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader, and where Arròs negre is from.
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish and where Ajoblanco is from.
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain, where the language is Spanish and one of the traditional dishes is Arròs negre.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain, where the Spaniards are from and also where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, where Spaniards are the ethnic group and where Ajoblanco originates from.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, which is where the food Ajoblanco, is found, in Andalusia.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain whose currency is the Euro. Ajoblanco originates from that country .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain, where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
The dessert, Binignit, comes from the Philippines.
From Spain, Ajoblanco (alternatively known as Ajo blanco) has bread as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, in Spain. Ajoblanco contains water.
Arros negre contains Squid and comes from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community, in Spain.
The main ingredients of asam pedas, a food from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia, consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is made from squeezed or squashed chicken served with sambal and is a popular dish in Java, Malaysia.
Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa (which has kidney beans as one of the ingredients), comes from Antioquia Department area.
Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Barny cakes can be made with apple and have 18 grams of carbs and 1.8 g of protein.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the currency is the Singapore dollar.
A dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia is beef kway teow which has oyster sauce as a main ingredient.
A popular food in Indonesia, Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. The country where Tony Tan is the leader.
Bhajji originates from India, its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India, country of Indians where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Bhajji comes from the country of India, where two of the leaders are, T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are vegetables and gram flour.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines. Two of the main ingredients in it are banana and sweet potato.
From the Singapore region, Ayam penyet, is a food found in Java where an ethnic group is the Baduy.
Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Banyumasan are an ethnic group. It can be found nationwide and also in Singapore and Malaysia.
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and it is also where Spanish is spoken and the dish arros negre is from.
